I am thirty miles (48.28 km) exactly
From the intersection of Beverly Avenue and North La Senga Avenue
In downtown Los Angeles
This is part of the area of ​​the studios,
A thirty-mile circle includes Southern California,
Which explains why many planets in science fiction films look alike.
Look, if I was shooting when I asked my crew
To meet me here, outside the region
I will have to pay them for their time and for their visits to the site.
But if I walk a few steps in this direction, into the studio area.
He pays the crew since they arrive here.
Imaging inside the area is considerably cheaper.
Most studios are located within the area,
As well as many places you will see in movies and television.
Griffith Park and Brunson Valley are within the area,
Near the center of Hollywood, so here was the Adam West Cave,
To the place where the walls of Captain Picard fell, and with them, (almost),
Any US television program needs such terrain.
And Vasquez Heights, which have been used in many television programs, movies and music videos
There is even a special Wikipedia page to enumerate them,
It is conveniently located twenty-nine miles (46.67 km) from the center of the area
If these rocks were a little farther, who would have known what would have happened?
Perhaps Bill and Ted Kana had been killed by twins, the evil Allyn, elsewhere.
Why thirty miles?
Rules of the Union.
Hollywood town follows the union, and since ancient time has been negotiated
The 30 miles was "local" and everything outside was not.
Assume that after many, many differences
Between ITU representatives and studios.
Now, exceptions have been added over time, the rules are now complex,
And I can not explain them all even if I try.
Production coordinators usually have that work.
Now, in short, this 30-mile region, the TMZ
And yes, this is where the site of controversy and gossip and gossip,
This is the reason why the crew of the entreprise seems to be behind him
They will go to a place where many have gone before.